= Redmine Toggl Plugin

This plugin enables Redmine to fetch Toggl time entries and register them as issues' time entries.

Created by UNIQ Systems LLC (http://uniqsystems.ru/)

Primary developer: Ivan Kasatenko <ivan@uniqsystems.ru>

== How to setup

Only tested on Redmine 2.3.1 and Ruby 1.9.3.

  $ cd /path/to/redmine/plugins
  $ git clone git://github.com/SkyWriter/toggl.git
  $ RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake redmine:plugins:migrate
  $ crontab -e

Then add the following line to your crontab (schedule may vary, of course):

  59 23 * * * cd /path/to/redmine && RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake toggl:update

*IMPORTANT*: You should have default activity set in your Redmine. It could be found at http://your.redmine.com/enumerations address under the "Activities" section.

== How to use

First, go to your Redmine profile and set your Toggl API key. You can get one at https://www.toggl.com/app/profile.
If you want to use only some of your Toggl workspaces, you can set them up in Redmine as a comma separated string. To fetch entries from all workspaces, just leave workspace setting empty.

After that any entry in Toggl marked with a hash and a number goes to the corresponding task in your projects. For example, an entry "Going out with Sarah #1324" of 2.5 hours will add 2.5h to the issue #1324 with the "Going out with Sarah" comment.

You can edit that entry in Redmine or even delete it, it won't be overwritten or repopulated ever again.

Any Toggl records without a hash are skipped.

== Warranties

None, as usual :) It's a quick in-house hack, so don't come crying if it ever breaks or even kills your puppy with its gross gears.

It's unlikely, but you have been warned.

== License

This plugin is released under the MIT License, http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT.
